link to application credentials (#25992)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/spotify.markdown

provide you with the Spotify application credentials Home Assistant needs
to allow you to log in with your Spotify account.

> 1. If Spotify was previously integrated in your Home Assistant with a _different_ account, remove the previous Spotify account credentials via https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/application_credentials/.

Reviewer: I know what you might try to say I think, however, it is partly incorrect/misleading. For example: One doesn't need to delete/remove other credentials, as you could integrate multiple application credentials on a single Home Assistant instance.

Please also, don't use bare URLs.

> 1. If Spotify was previously integrated in your Home Assistant with _outdate_ credentials, it might be required to remove these old Spotify account credentials using the [Home Assistant Application Credentials dashboard](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/application_credentials/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If Spotify was previously integrated with your Home Assistant with _outdated_ credentials, it might be required to remove these old Spotify account credentials using the {% my application_credentials title="Home Assistant Application Credentials dashboard" %}.
```
